Update CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md (#1708)
cometbft/cometbft: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

* Private harassment is also unacceptable. No matter who you are, if you feel
  you have been or are being harassed or made uncomfortable by a community

>   member, please contact one of the channel admins or the contat address above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  member, please get in touch with one of the channel admins or the contact address above
```

Author: Nice catch Anton!
